WIP BXMSDOC-7998: Migration doc for Kogito (#68)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/getting-started-kogito/proc-kogito-migrate-external-application-rest.adoc

> [id="proc-kogito-migrate-external-application-REST_{context}"]

Reviewer: In the original draft, there was a "running example":

- showing high level the KJAR content
- showing high level the use of the Kie Server {KIE_SERVER} Client Java API
- showing model-specific {KIE_SERVER} endpoints

and later further referenced in the other .adoc for the migration to Kogito.

Is there a way we can show the content provided in the original draft?

Author: Done, added example of migrating DMN model KJAR

> = Migrating external applications to DMN model specific REST endpoints

Reviewer 2: Unclear modifier. Suggest " ... to DMN-specific REST endpoints" or "... to REST endpoints specific to DMN models" or even just "... to DMN REST endpoints"

[role="_abstract"]

> To migrate a DMN project to {KOGITO} deployment, first you can migrate external applications that are interacting with decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}, using {KIE_SERVER} REST endpoints that are specific to DMN models.

Reviewer 2: "to **a** {KOGITO} deployment"  Also suggest

>... , first you must migrate external applications that use DMN REST endpoints to interact with decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}."

Author: added the article. However, regarding using `must`, SME has specifically asked to change it to can, as this step is not must for the user, but a choice.

> To migrate a DMN project to {KOGITO} deployment, you first need to migrate external applications using the REST endpoints that are specific to DMN models. The external applications interact with the decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}.

Reviewer: as above:

```suggestion
To migrate a DMN project to {KOGITO} deployment, you first should migrate external applications that are interacting with decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}, to use {KIE_SERVER} REST endpoints that are specific to DMN models. The external applications interact with the decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}.
```

Author: Similarly, changing this paragraph as follows:

To migrate a DMN project to {KOGITO} deployment, you first must migrate external applications that are interacting with decision services on the {KIE_SERVER}, using {KIE_SERVER} REST endpoints that are specific to DMN models.

.Procedure

> . To migrate your external application to a REST endpoint specific to a DMN model, perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: Delete this parent step and make the others standard steps. Not clear on why it's structured otherwise.

> .. If you are using REST endpoints in your external application, retrieve the Swagger or OAS specification file of the KJAR using `GET /server/containers/{containerId}/dmn/openapi.json (|.yaml)` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: "using **the** ... endpoint"

+
For more information about REST endpoints for specific DMN models, see {URL_DEVELOPING_DECISION_SERVICES}#ref-rest-api-dmn-endpoints_dmn-models[_REST endpoints for specific DMN models_].

.. In your external application, select the Java or JDK library to interact with the decision services. You can interact with the decision services using the REST endpoint for the specific KJAR.

> NOTE: The {KIE_SERVER} Client Java API is not supported in migration to {KOGITO} deployment.

Reviewer 2: "in **the** migration to **a**"
